today I'm going to be cooking one of my
all-time favorite Korean dishes top
galbi and we realize that we've actually
never done like a restaurant review of
taco Lu before that's because once I
learned how to make this at home I just
never went out to eat it again
you know if you can cook at home without
any pants on that's like the best thing
isn't it are you writing pants today
no this recipe seems complicated because
I have like a gazillion ingredients but
it's really just building the sauce and
the sauce is just like unceremoniously
dumped into a bowl
I usually just make the sauce in like a
huge vat and I keep in a jar in the
fridge and it holds forever and then
when you want to cook it you just add
the chicken and the fresh ingredients
today I'll make a small version so that
you guys can follow along at home
alright let's build the sauce I'm
starting out with my secret ingredient
which is adding Korean style curry to
this mix now when you think a curry you
might be thinking of like an Indian
curry or Indonesian curry you want like
the yellow curry I have no other way to
explain this to you
so I'm using the ones that are kind of
already in a bouillon pack if you can't
find the Korean kind you can actually
use the Japanese one as well I've used
both and they work just fine and we're
gonna add half a cup of hot water to
this and just let mash around while I'm
getting other stuff together if you're
using fresh ginger you don't have to do
this but I'm doing these like really
cool rehydration cubes this makes me
feel like I live in the future look at
them when awesome so it's like fresh
ginger but they've been dehydrated into
little cube formats it's gonna rehydrate
them in their go rehydrate my pretties
get yourself a big bowl for mixing the
marinade in I've already put in my
minced garlic and I'm gonna just dump in
all the curry that I already have in
here with the garlic and I'm gonna start
adding everything to this as well this
is a great leg I just put in bold part
I'm adding the gochugaru which no you
handout replaces like a chili powder or
a paprika this is like a korean-style
red pepper flake so it has a very
specific taste to it that I can't
explain
since I'm and I like it really hot I
bought the extra very spicy red pepper
powder but you can get the normal one as
well oh yeah we're gonna be partnered
one and a half you can do two
tablespoons if you want but I like the
flavor of it
a quarter teaspoon of black pepper one
of my all-time favorite Korean words you
remember what the word is Simon Koo Chi
Chi funny story about who chew when
Simon and I were teaching we showed our
students Twilight and is a part where
Bella's dad asks her if she needs pepper
spray and the kids didn't understand
what that was so someone was like okay
it's kind of like you take goichi which
means like pepper
I need like kind of shake it and then
you spray it in someone's eyes but then
he realized that Gocha was a slang word
for penis so he basically told the
students to take a penis and shake and
spray at someone's eyes but luckily they
were too innocent to understand it and
Simon doe for his cell phone and called
me immediately was like two arms when
does your school schools work this is
June and then I used to she wouldn't was
fine
penis also go to add an half a teaspoon
of salt boom boom
yes I keep my salt in a strawberry jar
which I can imagine is confusing for
some people just in case we have some
robbers that come here and they want to
steal our selves in a thoroughly
confused eerie confused I'm may adding
an extra tablespoon of the curry powder
this is oh no it's one of these adding
in a tablespoon of soy sauce I'm adding
in two tablespoons of mirin just like a
Japanese sweet rice wine I don't know
how to explain it someone explain it for
me mirin the old lady actress that won
the Oscar Helen Mirren yeah yep they
just condensed all of her tears and
sweat into a bottle and it's really
popular in Japan yep I'm adding two
teaspoons of sesame oil you have to use
sesame oil because it has a flavor and
I'm gonna add a tablespoon of honey and
then the most important ingredient
gochujang okay we're doing one and a
half to two depending on how you're
feeling yes I am wearing a single for
this
look at that hmm grab chicken that I've
already sliced up into strips just dump
it in here to soak for a bit
mom chicken we're gonna let this soak
and then we are going to move on to
another part of the day on to stage two
why your chicken is just soaking if you
do have sweet potatoes you're going to
need to get started on cooking these
because it takes a while for them to
soften up open these guys in and I'm
going to add a little bit of cabbage
just so that we have a little bit of
water action happening in there and I'm
popping a little now while that is
steaming we're gonna start soaking our
here okay I'm going to add the green
onions Wow
I kind of missed a piece this one's for
you Simon
ah hey now you're not trying to brown
all that stuff you're just trying to
kind of like soften it we're going to
add in all of our chicken and everything
now I know some people like so just
overnight and everything but I found no
difference I tried both versions oh yeah
already and I'm gonna add to the rest of
my cabbage boom
the cabbage is really important for
adding moisture to the fish guys just
make sure everything is nicely coated
yup and I'm gonna flatten it down okay
damn yep and I'm just gonna let this
steam for a bit I'm gonna put on the
timer for about 8 to 10 minutes this
entire meal is pretty much done within
15 minutes what kind of timer do you
have Karen are you a professional chef
why are using a bear timer that's
professional it's counting down that's
its job timer complete judgements five
minutes has gone by I'm gonna add a
little bit of water to this we're just
gonna add about a quarter cup we're
gonna add duck soon and I want to make
sure there's enough liquid in here so
the dog has something to absorb gonna
drain off the water
it
and I'm going to just add on top now my
mushrooms and now I'm going to add in
the Korean sesame leaves on top of this
if you can't find this you can actually
use basil instead guys come on over here
I have this little tiny garden it's like
a robot Morgan I think you guys saw on
Instagram I talked about it a little bit
it's called clicking grow you literally
put in this little like cartridge with
the seeds in it
just dump in water and plug it in and we
left for Japan and then when I came back
three weeks later I had old basil it's
awesome and it's a really nice match for
technologies I've also to be adding
cheese so I kind of chooses a pizza
cheese you're looking for like the
lowest quality meltable mozzarella
cheese not anything high quality I
killed the heat before I added in the
basil I'm just gonna sprinkle this all
over with my delicious baked cheese and
then put the lid on it okay
let's leave it there for a bit and then
we can get ready for the wrapping part I
don't mean hip-hop wrapping I mean
lettuce
shouldn't I be doing this part of the
video no it's fine you just stay there
but I was really in it I'm gonna grab a
little bit of lettuce here and I'm gonna
add a little bit of MU this is like a
pickled daikon radish oh yeah that's
how's it taste
so what you're saying is you feel like
you shouldn't eat any more in the rest
should be decided by God oh my I totally
agree with you your first sentiment is
your truest one I'm gonna have the rest
myself yeah we're gonna draw my hand
into it if you've never tried to copy
before you might be wondering like
what's so special about it so you got
like sweet you got sour you got spicy
you got savory it just all comes
together in this like perfect mouthful
it's just it's a wonderful dish if you
want more specific measurements on how
to make this awesome
Martinez Tech galbi choice dish check
out our blog post I'm gonna put the
whole recipe there and mmm please let me
know if you make this because I'm
telling you it's such an impressive dish
so easy to make and it's delicious and
you can get your whole like let this ha
pepper go King again no I'm sick of this
I don't have any myself I'm going but